listen it's that time of the year again
when we get our annual stalker movies
it's practically become tradition
jlo's done one idris did it twice and
this one plays it so close to the og
with a
20 20 spin that it might as well have
been called fatal entanglement
let me explain so this comes from the
same guy who did a secret obsession
man directed row produced yet even
though it's a feature on netflix they
still hit my boy with the tv rating that
said
it is also nina long's first producing
credit and honestly i think the best
parts of the movie come from her
i honestly didn't think that the way the
film would be marketed that you would
know
who was the crazy one and who wasn't but
that's not how it worked out so now the
cat's out the bag now y'all just got to
come and join me for the journey yeah
that would have been a much better
approach
so like the trailer full spoilers ahead
the movie begins with an affair that
ends up being fatal before cutting to
ellie and marcus
she's a lawyer he's an architect but
after a car accident which marcus is
still recovering from
they decide to move from the city to the
coast well the house is new but the man
is not
ah on her last days at work she gets
reacquainted with david who's been
hired for his skills actually i'm a
hacker and it turns out that they
actually knew each other in college
it's been a long time huh sure has 20
years
you look like it's been 20 minutes
[Music]
and now she's in too deep now i'm not
one to say that married people can't
meet up with their colleagues after work
the
grabbing dinner or lunch is a bad thing
but when they see you as a snack
on top of that she starts complaining
about her perfect life
how even though her husband who's always
been there for her was in a body cast
for six months
she just wanted to feel good so she
closes the phone and her husband
and david bust into that bathroom like
are you lost baby girl they get
really close but right at the end nia
shorts him
i'm emotional i'm horny and i don't want
to hear about no goddamn peace
after some time ally gets a complete new
look you know she's changed her hair
she's got her own office now she's back
at it with marcus and david's really
standing there front row witnessing it
all
he hacks the club's footage in order to
blackmail her he's canoodling with her
friend in order to visit
and using her own words against her one
day you wake
up and it feels like the person you've
been sleeping next to me for 20 years as
a complete stranger
you hate to see it i'll say this about
omar right
i've been so used to seeing him as a
doctor that his stilted walk here
creeped me out man was walking into the
frame like tada lupita
and while i wish the cinematography
direction writing and editing were
better
both of them at least kept me engaged
enough in the story that
i wasn't bored you actually believe the
guy
who sat with us at dinner and told us
both that he was a hacker
i love this line right here it's just
straight to the point this has to be one
of the ones that neo brought in
obviously she can't take this to the
authorities so she takes authority
she becomes the stalker who somehow even
though her
samsung's upside down hacks the hacker
in two tries
and learns the truth about his ex-wife
pretty much deborah was the movie we saw
at the beginning who got into an affair
so david found out and supplied the
fatal part because he's a hacker he was
able to get away with it and start
seeking help
that probably would have helped if these
movie therapists weren't always so bogus
think slow
give us some space david do you remember
when you first came to see me for your
court-ordered anger management
why do you keep bringing that up poor
steven bishop who plays a husband gets
hit with all this info
and having played the stalker himself in
the past decides to keep his vows till
death do them part
but man i love this quote i don't
understand how you can make a living
talking to 12 people in a jury box that
you don't even know
[Music]
and you can't talk to me me was it what
was it like to to kind of flip it
and and be a true like a villain for
once
he was uh he wasn't a villain you know
he was dealing with some issues
david then burns a homeless man in order
to fake his own death
but ali knows that's not the last of him
in terms of the ending
you know it's pretty standard in terms
of the final fight in the house that we
always see
it doesn't do anything too special but
fills in the 2020 installment for the
obsessed stalker genre
but at least they didn't leave us with
that cringy cliffhanger for a sequel
like most of these have been doing
because my dude didn't hang he
completely fell off that cliff thank you
guys for watching this video i'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comments section
this is the first time producing and the
first time doing a thriller for neo
which
you know even though i may not love the
project uh it was interesting to see all
of the behind the scenes in her
interviews on
how she sees all the difference she can
make now being a producer you know
i always make a big deal when actors are
able to go up the ranks and become
producers for the projects that they're
on
and obviously this one suffers a lot
from its original screenplay which was
written for a completely different
demographic
uh and it's just really generic you know
so even though you're bringing in
talents
uh even though you're bringing in people
to do rewrites they should rewrite the
whole thing you know right from scratch
which i think is
is very telling there's so much more you
can do with this type of story cause
i don't think the genre itself is bad
like it's we've been getting so many of
these movies that you
practically have a history of tropes you
can play with so it's kind of sad
that they don't i do think the best
changes and standout lines came from nia
you know she's the one who brought omar
on board she got a stell
who didn't survive along in this movie
but she even got a song in there
but it's wild to me looking back how
many times i came across the the
headline or video or
all these articles talking about neolong
being difficult to work with
and now what she's saying all of a
sudden makes sense well let's just
avoid all of that have diversity in the
hair and makeup trailer
have diversity on set behind the camera
let's make sure that the camera
department is diverse
let's make sure that the grip department
is diverse let's make sure that the
sound department is diverse and guess
what
if you can't find anybody of color to
hire then let's make sure that there is
a program to train young
african-american men and women who want
to work on the production side i'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section on this movie or
any other ones
hell maybe even your own stories for
netflix to adapt so they can actually
have something new
i have some of my own but uh other than
that don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
i'm gonna hold you to that